Update release notes format (#6100)
dotnet/core: release-notes/6.0/install-macos.md

## Install using PKG

You can install any of the distributions with PKG. The following image demonstrates installing the .NET SDK. After launching the PKG, click "Continue" and you will be taken through the process of installing the SDK.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2608468/112776700-355d5280-8ff5-11eb-979c-8cab273f5f97.png)

## Installing from a binary archive

You can install .NET with a binary archive. This option is required if you want to install .NET for a single user. It is also recommended if you want to install .NET temporarily.

The following workflow demonstrates downloading, unpacking, configuring, and running the .NET SDK from the command line. You may choose to do some of these tasks via the browser and functionality provided by your operating system.

```bash
~# curl -o dotnet.tar.gz https://download.visualstudio.microsoft.com/download/pr/25c7e38e-0a6a-4d66-ac4e-b550a44b8a98/49128be84b903799259e7bebe8e9d969/dotnet-sdk-6.0.100-preview.2.21155.3-linux-x64.tar.gz
~# mkdir dotnet
~# tar -C dotnet -xf dotnet.tar.gz
~# rm dotnet.tar.gz
~# export DOTNET_ROOT=~/dotnet
~# export PATH=$PATH:~/dotnet
~# dotnet --version
6.0.100-preview.2.21155.3
```

> The `DOTNET_ROOT` environment variable is required in order to launch an application with their executables (like `myapp.exe`). The executables look for this environment variable to find the runtime if it is not installed in its regular location. The `PATH` environment variable must be updated if you want to use `dotnet` without absolute paths to its location. Setting both of these environment variables is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DOTNET_ROOT` environment variable is required to launch an application with their executables (like `myapp.exe`). The executables look for this environment variable to find the runtime if it isn't installed in its regular location. The `PATH` environment variable must be updated if you want to use `dotnet` without absolute paths to its location. Setting both of these environment variables is optional.
```
